a) What are some Pros and Cons of Agile Development (vs non-Agile)? List 2 of each
Pros:
    1. Fast and Adaptive
    2. Allows for easy collaboration between mmultiple users

Cons:
    1. lack of predictibility
    2. Difficult to coordinate when there are scaling changes from small to bigger teams

b) Explain the role and responsibilities of the Scrum Master vs the Product Owner.

    Scum Master:
        Is the process facilitator & guids the team/organization on Scrum practices
        Identifies and removes impediments
        Coaches the team
        Protects the team
        Facilitates SCRUM events ie: daily Scrum, Sprint planning, Sprint Review

    Product Owner:
        Defines the vision of the product and shares it to the team and stakeholders
        Manages the project backlog
        Is a liason between stakeholders
        Aims to maximize value for shareholders
        Gathers product requirements and ensures clarity and alignment in project goals

c) What are the 3 types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle? List at least 2 points on what needs to be discussed during each of these meetings.

    1. Sprint planning 
        The entire teams discusses the product backlog
        Decides what items are important to focus on
        Sets a Sprint Goal and a detail plan to achieve it

    2. Sprint Review
        Discuss what was accomplished during the sprint
        Give feedback on what was done well, what needs work
        Discuss how to adapt and change for the next sprint

    3. Sprint Retrospective
        Look at the overall process/internal workings
        Discuss what went well, what didn't, what needs to change overall big picture
        Create a plan to improve the process/productivity

d) Differentiate between Epic, Story, Bug, and Task issue types in JIRA

    Bug: Reporting an issue or problem in the current software that needs to be fixed
    Task: A specific, technical activity/work item needed to complete a Story
    Story: Describing a specific functionality that a user wants from the product 
    Epic: An overarching big large scale initiative that is too big to be done in one single sprint.

    Hierarchy: Epic -> Story -> Task 